2013 League of Legends concept album contains rust rivets - fattened fate
The instinct to bleed blood catalyzes the war of runes
Conflicts and disputes challenge the summoner talent
Legends or sorcerers rely on magic to distinguish
The spiritual conquest of the hero is the only conclusion that makes the horse start to run wild
The chaotic wars that shield the sun from the rain, such as the thousands of troops, stepped on the flag that symbolizes peace.
The crystals burned are filled with the atmosphere of the crows on the battlefield, leading the death to take over the life.
Darkness and sinfulness represent the Noxus style
The strict rules of goodness and morality
The Varoran coalition bears an invisible heavy shell
The messengers of the Alliance experienced countless blood-stained dusks and filled the soul with hatred
Static spacing shallow death crisis crowd eyes focused on life and death game
Whose destiny is dying in the crazy competition is the invincible strong oppressive battle
The chaotic wars that shield the sun from the rain, such as the thousands of troops, stepped on the flag that symbolizes peace.
The crystals burned are filled with the atmosphere of the crows on the battlefield, leading the death to take over the life.
The league of heroes attracts me to enter the illusion. All the plots lead me crazy and fascinated.